by ; glancing at it, curiously, as at an odd animal at a 
circus; and, you will find, caring not a whit about 
its condition. Naturally, a town should grow. You 
can look upon it as a child ; which, through natural 
conditions, should attain manhood; and add to its 
surrounding thriving districts its products of farm, 
shop, or factory. It should show a spirit of association with surrounding towns ; crawl out of its lair, 
and find how backward it is. 
Now, in all such towns, you will find, occasionally, an individual born with that sort of brain 
which, knowing that his town is backward, longs to 
start things toward improving it ; not only its living 
conditions, but adding an institution or two, such as 
any city, big or small, maintains, gratis, for its inhabitants. But so forward looking a man finds that 
trying to instill any such notions into a town's ruling 
body is about as satisfactory as butting against a 
brick wall. Such "Boards" as you find ruling many 
a small town, function from such a soporific rut that 
any hint of digging cash from its cast iron strong 
box with its big brass padlock, will fall upon minds 
as rigid as rock. 
Branton Hills had such a man, to whom 
such rigidity was as annoying as a thorn in his foot. 
Continuous trials brought only continual thorn pricks; until, finally, a brilliant plan took form as 
John Gadsby found Branton Hills' High School 
pupils waking up to Branton Hills' sloth. Gadsby 
continually found this bright young bunch asking: — 
"Aw ! Why is this town so slow ? It's nothing but a dry twig ! !" 
"Ha !" said Gadsby ; "A dry twig ! That's it ! 
Many a living, blossoming branch all around us, and 
this solitary dry twig, with a tag hanging from it, 
on which you will find : 'Branton Hills ; A twig too 
lazy to grow !' " 
Now this put a "hunch" in Gadsby's brain, 
causing him to say ; " A High School pupil is not a 
child, now. Naturally a High School boy has not a 
man's qualifications; nor has a High School girl 
womanly maturity. But such kids, born in this 
swiftly moving day, think out many a notion which 
will work, but which would pass our dads and 
granddads in cold disdain. Just as ships pass at 
night. But supposing that such ships should show 
a light in passing ; or blow a horn ; or, if — if — if — 
By Golly! I'll do it!" 
And so Gadsby sat on his blossom-bound 
porch on a mild Spring morning, thinking and smoking. Smoking can calm a man down; and his 
thoughts had so long and so constantly clung to this 
plan of his that a cool outlook as to its promulgation was not only important, but paramount.